What do you mean?
Hey, my lord
Adults and fathers, what's the situation?
That's impossible.
Yeah, after my acupuncture
The condition should be stable
How could this be?
Really got this kid right
The virus has spread throughout the body
One more minute.
Boss Zhou was completely unable to treat
Even so
Are you all refusing to let me rescue you?
Please save my lord
Wei Xian
You can cure a disease that even pineapple can't cure
You know the delay of Boss Zhou's illness
What crime would you commit?
Yes Ye Xian
Don't be too impulsive
Don't worry, I said it.
Then be 100% sure
The achievement missed
Didn't you say I can't cure it?
Then keep your eyes peeled
Ghost Valley Ghost Valley Archer you